2 4 76 22  Table editor
   To change the position of the cursor and the highlighted cell one can
use the arrow keys, the Tab key and the mouse click. If the table is 
opened for changes and one types any symbol it will be inserted 
into the table at the cursor position.
   The  PgUp, PgDn  keys are used to scroll the table. The F1 and F2
functional keys provide information about the meaning of table fields and
about facilities of the Table Editor.
   There are some auxiliary commands which help the user to operate the
tables. These commands can be realized by means of Control symbols or by
mouse click on the command label displayed on the table border:
  "Top" (^T)    moves the cursor to the top line of the table.
  "Bottom" (^B) moves the cursor to the bottom line of the table.
  "GoTo" (^G)   moves the cursor to the line directed by the user.
  "Find" (^F)   searches the string directed by the user.
  "Zoom" (^Z)   switches on the zoom mode to view/edit contents of the
highlighted cell. In this case a special window appears and the field text
wraps this window. To terminate the Zoom mode one has either to press Enter
to accept changes or Esc to forget them.
  "ErrMess"(^E) redisplays an  error message  concerning the contents of
one of the tables.

   The above commands are available in both modes of the Table Editor. 
The labels of these commands are on the bottom border of the table.
The following commands are available only if the table is opened for 
changes:
  "Clr" (^C)    clears the contents of the current fields right to the
cursor position.
  "Rest" (^R)   restores the contents of the current field which existed
before the last input.
  "Del" (^D)    cuts the current line from the table and saves it into 
the buffer.
  "New" (^N)    creates a new line and fills it with the contents of the
buffer. You can also press the Enter key to create a new line.
  "Size" (^S)   allows  the user to change the width of the current field. 
This command is active only if the cursor is in the column whose
name is surrounded by the '\verb|>|','\verb|<|' symbols.
   The labels of these commands are on the top border of the window.

   Press the Esc key to exit the table.
