2 1 76 22  CompHEP service
  This is an explanation of the CompHEP interface facilities.

  You can toggle on/off color and sound for the CompHEP session as well as
choose the most appropriate fonts for your X-terminal. Just edit the
'comphep.ini' file. We hope that syntax there is self-explanatory.

  There are the following elements of the user interface in the CompHEP
package: On-line Help, Menu, Message, String Editor, Table Editor and
Diagram Viewer. You can control them using Arrow, Enter, Esc, Backspace,
PgUp/PgDn (on some keyboards there are Prev/Next instead of PgUp/PgDn) keys
and/or mouse. CompHEP is sensitive to the left mouse button release.

                          I  On-line Help  
  At almost every point when CompHEP is waiting for your input, you can
press the F1 key to get context-sensitive help information. If the screen
height in not enough to display the full help message, you will see PgDn
mark in the right-bottom corner of the help window. To get the next page 
of the message press the PgDn key or click on the mark. To close the help 
window, press the Esc key or click the asterisk in the upper-left corner 
of the help border.
  
                         II  Menu
  The menu program displays a list of menu functions. One of them is
highlighted. Use the arrow keys or a mouse click to highlight
a desired function. Press the Enter key or click on the highlighted
function to activate it. 
   If the menu is too large, you will see only a part of it. Use the
PgDn/PgUp buttons or click on the corresponding marks in the menu corners
to scroll.
   In order to get back to the previous menu level press the Esc key or
click the asterisk in the top-left corner of the menu border.
   The menu program is also sensitive to the function keys. The list of
active function keys depends on the program point and is displayed on the
bottom line of the screen. Generally the function keys activate the
following programs:
 F1 Help    : displays a help message about the highlighted menu function.
 F2 Manual  : browses this text.
 F3 Models  : displays the contents of the current model of particles 
              interaction. 
 F4 Diagrams: browses generated Feynman diagrams. 
 F5 Results : views and deletes CompHEP output files and renames the output
              directory. 
 F9 Quit    : quits the CompHEP session. 
To call one of these programs just press the functional key or click on the
corresponding symbol on the bottom line of the screen.

                         III  Messages
  CompHEP writes informational and dialog messages during the session. 
  The informational messages finish with the 'Press any key' record. You can
continue your work either following this instruction or by clicking the 
mouse on the message area. 
  The dialog message has a label '(Y/N?)'. You can press the 'Y' or 'N' 
key or just click on them in the message window to answer 'Yes' or 'No'.

                          IV  String Editor 
   If you would like to enter a new process or change a value of 
a parameter, CompHEP calls the String Editor.  As a rule, the previous 
information about this item is available and the previous string is 
displayed.  If you would like to edit the previous string, use left/right 
arrow keys or the mouse click to put the cursor at the desired position. 
Otherwise, if the fist input character is a printing symbol, the previous 
string will be deleted. The backspace key works as usual.  To terminate 
input, press the Enter key to accept the string, or the Esc key to go 
back and cancel your input.

                           V  Table Editor  
                          VI  Diagram Viewer
   Press the F2 key inside of the corresponding program to get the help
information.
